(Yuma)
Last time on
"Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL"...
(Yuma) Where are we?
It's... Alito!
(Alito)
You're not going
to save yourself!
Time to duel, Yuma.
I told you before I'm
not dueling with you!
Maybe this will
change your mind...
(screaming)
Yuma!
All right.
Let's duel!
(laughing)
I know what that is.
It is all becoming clear now...
The Barian Numbers were created
by Don Thousand.
And he is the
one controlling Alito!
Yuma, I have it!
I know a way to free Alito.
What?
♪♪
♪ Still together as one
cuz divided we're none ♪
♪ Ready to go we feel the flow ♪
♪ So don't stand in our way
you know we ain't afraid ♪
♪ This is our time
we're in control ♪
♪ If I trip up today
you just wipe it away ♪
♪ All of my fears are gone
erased ♪
♪ Let us tear down the walls
'til the final night falls ♪
♪ The bonds of our souls
can't be replaced ♪
♪ Let us fight
together regret it never ♪
♪ Our dreams will be ♪
♪ Halfway to ♪
♪ Forever ♪
♪ Our light comes
shining through ♪
♪ Reach down deep beat defeat ♪
♪ Do all that we can do ♪
♪ Halfway to ♪
♪ Forever ♪
♪ We've got nothing to lose ♪
♪ Keep breathing ♪
♪ Believing ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
(Astral) Yuma, I have it!
I know a way to free Alito.
Okay, I'm all ears!
How are we going
to do it, Astral?
Don Thousand told us himself.
The moment we recovered
the Mythyrian Numbers...
they could no longer seal
away his evil power,
allowing him to grow
stronger and stronger...
and he is now able to control
Alito's mind
through Comet Cestus.
So we helped Don Thousand?
We're the worst heroes ever!
Not so.
At least I hope not.
Yuma.
Think back to the start.
Your father instructed us
to gather the Mythyrian Numbers,
even if that meant freeing
Don Thousand.
Why would he do that?
I doubt he would mislead us or
intentionally put us in danger,
so he must have had
a good reason.
And I believe
I know what it is.
Your father anticipated
that we would battle
against the seven
Barian Emperors,
and as such, we would
be battling Don Thousand's
seven evil Numbers.
So we needed some help.
Correct.
If the Mythyrian Numbers can
suppress Don Thousand's power,
then it is highly likely
that they can suppress those
Barian Numbers as well.
To put it more simply...
We must beat Don Thousand's
Numbers with our Numbers.
Now I get it!
If we defeat Alito's Comet
Cestus with our Lion Heart,
we'll free him of
Don Thousand's control!
All right...
Let's get to it!
But wait, Yuma.
We do not possess enough
monsters to summon Lion Heart.
Nor do we have any cards in
our hand to help us do so.
Yeah, I know.
Which means everything
depends on our next draw...
But don't worry.
(Yuma)
I won't lose as long as I got
friends worth fighting for!
Yuma.
Okay...
You'd never let me down.
That's a fact!
And now get set to get decked!
I got the card I needed!
I summon Rainbow Kuriboh!
Kuri!
Then I overlay my Level 1
Rainbow Kuriboh,
Kurivolt and Darklon!
With these three monsters, I
build the Overlay Network
and Xyz Summon!
Let him hear you roar,
Number 54: Lion Heart!
(roaring)
I remember that Number!
What's...
What's happening?
Alito, play with me!
Me, me, me!
You're so strong!
(Alito) Know why?
Because of you kids.
You give me strength.
(cheering)
(Boy) See you later, Alito.
(man) Alito.
Please be careful.
Who are you?
Your life is in grave danger.
Oh, yeah?
What kind of danger?
The prince is jealous
of your popularity.
That's a lie!
The prince is one
of my closest friends!
Do not be so certain.
Hey, wait!
♪♪
(Alito) He's wrong.
The prince isn't jealous of me.
Even if it's true... my Lion
Heart will protect me.
Always has, always will.
What's this?
What do you want?
Alito...
I have here a warrant for your
arrest for acts of treason,
signed by the prince.
No way!
This is a mistake
Let me out
Let me out!
(woman) Shame on you, Alito!
You're no hero!
(man) Don't believe him!
He deserves it!
(man) Shame on you, Alito!
(woman) You traitor!
Alito!
You liar!
He's a bad guy!
(man) I warned you, Alito
I foresaw your fate.
Betrayed by your friend,
the prince, falsely accused,
scorned by your people,
despised by all.
You fate is sealed!
(Alito) He's right.
Not a single person
believes me!
And you.
I thought you were my friend.
Now you've sentenced me to
be exiled for life.
Well, I'll make
you pay for your lies!
Someday, I will make you pay
for your actions.
That... was... me!
Astral, what's going on?
What's happening to Alito?
Lion Heart has triggered
his memories.
Our plan is working!
One final strike
to Comet Cestus
may break
Don Thousand's mind control!
Don Thousand!
I'm setting Alito free!
Now Lion Heart...
attack Comet Cestus!
Lion Heart's special
ability activates!
Lion Heart won't be
destroyed in this battle,
but that's not all When I
take damage, you do too!
Rhapsody in Berserk has
a special ability too!
By sending it to the graveyard,
this card slashes the damage
I'll take in half!
Yuma!
Lion Heart's ability activates!
When all our life points
are gone...
By using one Overlay Unit...
we regain 100 life points!
Reviving Jolt!
Yuma!
Hey, thanks, Astral.
Losing life points can
be pretty shocking.
(Don Thousand) My power...
My control
over Alito is fading!
And good riddance.
Is it all over?
What happened to me?
My mind...
It feels like
it's been set free.
It has.
Don Thousand was controlling
you, but we stopped him!
Don Thousand?
I see.
Yuma...
You freed me of his control...
So shall I free your friend.
Astral, he's back
to his old self!
Yuma, stay where you are!
Why?
What's the matter?
Our duel isn't over.
Not until I defeat you!
Aww, man!
He's still brainwashed!
No.
These are not
Don Thousand's words
They are my own.
I may have been human once,
but I'm a Barian now!
And I fight to
defend Barian World.
You on the other hand fight
to destroy Barian World
We are at odds.
I must not allow you succeed.
You remain my enemy.
I see.
Yuma, Astral...
This has been a great workout
I'm impressed you
went the distance
with a real heavyweight, but
you're out of your league
and it's time to take
you down for the count!
I don't wanna fight you!
Let's end this!
The only way this duel
ends is with you losing!
Since it sounds like you're
throwing in the towel,
I'll speed things up and
send you straight to your demise
I activate Rhapsody in Berserk's
special ability!
It's coming out of retirement to
knock you out once and for all!
Your end begins now,
with the return of Number 80:
Rhapsody in Berserk!
Now, I activate
Rank-Up-Magic Barian's Force!
With this one monster, I
rebuild the Overlay Network.
Go Chaos Xyz Evolution!
Rise up, Chaos Number 80:
Requiem In Berserk
And Barian's Force
has another effect!
My Rhapsody in Berserk
steals all of your monster's
Overlay Units
and then, it sets you up to
be brought down because
your monster loses 300 attack
points per Overlay Unit!
Lion Heart doesn't have
any more Overlay Units left!
Without them, it
cannot restore our life points!
Don't be too upset yet.
Save some of your panic
because things
are about to get much worse.
I use Requiem in Berserk's
special ability.
By using one
Chaos Overlay Unit,
all your spell and trap
cards are banished!
Last but not least,
Requiem in Berserk has
one final trick for you!
I'm going to equip it on to my
Battlin' Boxer Comet Cestus
to give it 2,000
more attack points.
But why?
Why increase the monster's
attack points?
You will take the same
amount of damage that we take.
That will lead you to
your own demise!
I think not.
You are the only ones
who will be defeated.
Requiem in Berserk wipes out
Lion Heart's special abilities,
so I won't be taking
any damage!
No way!
Comet Cestus attack Lion Heart!
Use a trap, Yuma!
You don't have any trap
cards left on your field!
So what?
I'm activating a trap
from my graveyard!
I play Dimensional U-Turn!
What?
By banishing this card,
I can banish my monster!
I banish Lion Heart!
What did you do that for?
Now you're left wide
open for my attack!
Don't think so!
Not with Rainbow Kuriboh's
special ability!
It will protect me
from your direct attack!
Come on out, Rainbow Kuriboh!
Kuri, Kuri!
Fine
Then I'll destroy
your little friend!
Kuri, Kuri!
Thanks, Rainbow Kuriboh!
Little pest!
I end my turn.
Dimensional U-Turn
has one more effect.
It's bringing Lion Heart
back on the prowl!
I found a way to
survive that turn...
but what now, Astral?
Even though we broke him free of
Don Thousand's mind control,
Alito's still fightin' mad
No wonder Don Thousand
wanted him on his goon squad!
Don Thousand wanted him...
The legends at the ruins all
told of pure and noble souls,
it is hard to believe
that such heroes
would willingly become Barian
Emperors and serve Don Thousand.
Why could that have happened?
Did they really choose
to join the Barians?
Of course not.
They were tricked into making
that decision by Don Thousand!
Uh, care to share there, buddy?
Listen...
You must use Lion Heart
to destroy Comet Cestus!
Are you for real?
You know Lion Heart
isn't strong enough for that?
How am I supposed to...
That will unlock more memories
He will learn!
Learn how he was tricked!
You're not thinking
this through!
Oh, boy.
You sound like me.
Frightening.
Hey!
Yuma, this battle will
be won or lost on this draw!
Then I'd better...
feel the flow!
Aww, yeah!
Do it, Yuma!
All right.
I equip my Lion Heart with
the spell Emperor's Armor!
Now when Lion Heart
attacks, its attack points
become the same as your monster
that it's battling against!
Yuma, the moment we have been
fighting for is finally at hand.
Now Don Thousand's Number
will be destroyed!
Yuma, Astral!
You can do it!
Okay!
Go Lion Heart!
Attack Comet Cestus!
Why are you doing this?
Your Lion Heart will
be destroyed also!
Hey, you just
worry about yourself!
I'll do anything to take down
your Battlin' Boxer
Comet Cestus, Alito!
You'll have to be
more clever than that
if you wanna destroy
my monster!
Because by sending Requiem
in Berserk to the graveyard,
my Comet Cestus avoids
the big TKO!
Now only your monster is
going down for the ten count!
Not happening!
I activate
Emperor Armor's effect!
By sending it to the graveyard,
Lion Heart isn't
destroyed either!
But there's more in store
Its attack points
switch with yours,
and Lion Heart
can attack again!
This can't be!
(both)
Now, Lion Heart,
finish Comet Cestus!
Alito...
I have here a warrant for your
arrest for acts of treason,
signed by the prince.
Treason?
This must be some
kind of mistake...
The prince is my friend!
Take him!
Let me go!
Your accusations about my
friend are totally ridiculous!
Alito and I, we are
like brothers!
I told them.
He is a true hero.
When I am gone, he will be
the next ruler of this empire.
And so I order you to free him.
(man)
No...
I think not.
Who are you?
My name is Don Thousand.
It's the man who warned me!
Yes...
I am one and the same,
the deity who rules
Barian World
I require your indomitable soul,
your boundless fighting spirit!
It will nourish me, strengthen
me, make me invincible!
Yours is a power I can never
allow Astral World to possess!
And this is why I shall
replace your memories
with ones of my own design.
You will remember none of this.
Your deepest rooted memory
will be your allegiance
to Barian World,
your thirst to
destroy Astral World,
and your betrayal at the hands
of the prince!
Get him out of my sight!
It's all coming back to me...
Every painful memory...
Alito...
Alito!
Alito, are you all right?
I just...
My memories...
are they really real?
Yes, Alito.
Your real memories
have returned.
Everything I
thought I knew was a lie.
Hey, it's okay.
Oh no...
I did terrible things
to you and your friends
that I can never undo.
You must not blame
yourself, Alito.
It is not your fault.
Don Thousand tricked you,
manipulating your past
experiences
so that you
would serve his needs.
How we behave today is the
culmination of our actions
of the past,
and yours were not
of your own free will.
But that doesn't change
what I did.
(Yuma)
Then you should
make up for it now!
We sure could use
your help, Alito.
Yuma....
I'd like to crush Don Thousand
as much as you would,
but as a Barian,
it is you I must defeat!
But we can work together first.
C'mon, whaddaya say?
That is a very
interesting idea, Yuma.
Even though Barian World
is the mortal enemy
of your precious Astral World,
it may make sense for us
to defeat our common foe,
Don Thousand, first!
Let's do it!
(Astral)
But what about
the other Emperors?
Don Thousand will not take
this defeat lightly.
He will strike against them.
We gotta find Don Thousand
and fast!
Vector will lead
us straight to him.
Vector?
That is most intriguing.
Then let's get
this show on the road.
You beat me to it, Yuma.
Our next stop is Barian World!
There we shall find Vector!
Yuma took down Alito!
(Don Thousand)
We must seize the powers of the
other five Emperors
before Yuma and
Astral get to them as well!
I'm on my way!
(Vector)
Look who we
have here!
Marin...
Dumon!
Vector, what
are you doing here?
Why, I've come for something
you have that I want...
Your powers!
(laughing)
(Dumon) Our powers?
What are you talking about?
So sorry, my apologies.
Where is my head at?
I need to be much
clearer, don't I?
You see I'll be absorbing
your powers,
all in the name
of Don Thousand!
Isn't that lovely?
Don Thousand?
No!
(cackling)
♪♪